document AutotoolsDeps Windows msvc LINK env fix (#4495)
conan-io/docs: reference/tools/gnu/autotoolsdeps.rst

These launchers will define aggregated variables ``CPPFLAGS``, ``LIBS``, ``LDFLAGS``, ``CXXFLAGS``, ``CFLAGS`` that
accumulate all dependencies information, including transitive dependencies, with flags like ``-I<path>``, ``-L<path>``, etc.

.. important::

>     On Windows with ``msvc``, ``AutotoolsDeps`` now emits linker flags in ``LINK`` rather than ``LDFLAGS`` so the Autotools wrapper can process the flags correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    On Windows with ``msvc``, ``AutotoolsDeps`` now emits linker flags in ``_LINK_`` rather than ``LDFLAGS`` so the Autotools wrapper skips them, and they are directly loaded by the ``cl`` compiler executable.
```

Author: updated
